add lua strings entry (#2922)
Codecademy/docs: content/lua/concepts/strings/strings.md

---
Title: 'Strings' # Required; the file name should be the same as the title, but lowercase, with dashes instead of spaces, and all punctuation removed

> Description: 'A **string** is a sequence of characters of any length that can include letters, numbers, symbols, and spaces.' # Required; ideally under 150 characters and starts with a noun (used in search engine results and content previews)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Strings are a sequence of characters of any length that can include letters, numbers, symbols, and spaces.' # Required; ideally under 150 characters and starts with a noun (used in search engine results and content previews)
```

We can't put markdown styling in the description.

Subjects: # Please only use Subjects in the subjects.md file (https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/blob/main/documentation/subjects.md). If that list feels insufficient, feel free to create a new Subject and add it to subjects.md in your PR!
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags: # Please only use Tags in the tags.md file (https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/blob/main/documentation/tags.md). If that list feels insufficient, feel free to create a new Tag and add it to tags.md in your PR!
  - 'Strings'
CatalogContent: # Please use course/path landing page slugs, rather than linking to individual content items. If listing multiple items, please put the most relevant one first
  - 'learn-lua'
---

## Syntax

In Lua, a string is a sequence of characters surrounded by a pair of single quotes `''` or double quotes `""`.

```lua

> location = “Central Park” -- “Central Park” is a String

Reviewer: ```suggestion
location = “Central Park” -- “Central Park” is a string
```
doesn't need to be capitalized

```

## Concatenation

> Multiple variables can be combined together using the concatenation operator `(..)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multiple variables can be combined together using the concatenation operator `..`.
```

I'd remove the parenthesis `()` so that people don't think that's part of the operator

```lua
time = 10
location = “Central Park”
print(“We will arrive at “ .. location .. “ at “.. time)
```

## Escape Characters

> Escape characters are used for clarity and conciseness. Sometimes Lua may interpret a character in a string, which can cause errors. To avoid this, escape characters can be used to clarify that a character should only be part of the string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Escape characters are used for clarity and conciseness. Sometimes, Lua may interpret a character in a string, which can cause errors. To avoid this, escape characters can be used to clarify that a character should only be part of the string.
```

> 

Reviewer: Suggest adding in an example to demonstrate this. Maybe something along these lines:

```lua
brokenString = "They said, "Hello!"" -- This will cause "Hello!" to be outside of the string

revisedString = "They said, \"Hello!\"" -- This will keep "Hello!" inside of the string using escape characters
```

The following is a list of some useful escape characters supported by Lua strings:

| Description | Escape Characters|
| -- | --|  
|bell | \a |
|backspace| \b|
|form feed| \f|
|new line | \n|
|carriage return| \r|
|horizontal tab|\t|
|vertical tab|\v|
|backslash|\ \ |
|quotation mark [double quote]|\ "|
|apostrophe [single quote]|\ '|

## String Functions

 Lua's String Library contains many different string functions that can be used to manipulate strings. Below are some examples of useful functions.

> `string.len()`

Reviewer: These should likely be terms, but that is outside of the scope of the internship. Make note of this in the handoff document

---
Title: 'Strings' # Required; the file name should be the same as the title, but lowercase, with dashes instead of spaces, and all punctuation removed
Description: 'Strings are a sequence of characters of any length that can include letters, numbers, symbols, and spaces.' # Required; ideally under 150 characters and starts with a noun (used in search engine results and content previews)
Subjects: # Please only use Subjects in the subjects.md file (https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/blob/main/documentation/subjects.md). If that list feels insufficient, feel free to create a new Subject and add it to subjects.md in your PR!
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags: # Please only use Tags in the tags.md file (https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/blob/main/documentation/tags.md). If that list feels insufficient, feel free to create a new Tag and add it to tags.md in your PR!

>   - 'Strings'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - 'Strings'
  - 'Characters'
```

CatalogContent: # Please use course/path landing page slugs, rather than linking to individual content items. If listing multiple items, please put the most relevant one first
  - 'learn-lua'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> __Strings__ are a sequence of characters of any length that can include letters, numbers, symbols, and spaces.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Strings** are a sequence of characters of any length that can include letters, numbers, symbols, and spaces.
```

## Syntax

In Lua, a string is a sequence of characters surrounded by a pair of single quotes `''` or double quotes `""`.

```lua
location = “Central Park” -- “Central Park” is a string
```

## Concatenation

> Multiple variables can be combined together using the concatenation operator `..`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Multiple strings can be combined together using the concatenation operator `..`.
```

```lua
time = 10
location = “Central Park”
print(“We will arrive at “ .. location .. “ at “.. time)
```

## Escape Characters

> Escape characters are used for clarity and conciseness. Sometimes, Lua may interpret a character in a string, which can cause errors. To avoid this, escape characters can be used to clarify that a character should only be part of the string.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Escape characters are used for clarity and conciseness. Sometimes, Lua may interpret a character in a string, which can cause errors. To avoid this, escape characters can be used to clarify that a character should be read as a string.
```

```lua
brokenString = "They said, "Hello!"" -- This will cause "Hello!" to be outside of the string

revisedString = "They said, \"Hello!\"" -- This will keep "Hello!" inside of the string using escape characters
```

The following is a list of some useful escape characters supported by Lua strings:

| Description | Escape Characters|
| -- | --|  

> |bell | \a |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|bell | `\a` |
```

Reviewer 2: repeat formatting for the other rows

|backspace| \b|
|form feed| \f|
|new line | \n|
|carriage return| \r|
|horizontal tab|\t|
|vertical tab|\v|
|backslash|\ \ |
|quotation mark [double quote]|\ "|
|apostrophe [single quote]|\ '|

## String Functions

 Lua's String Library contains many different string functions that can be used to manipulate strings. Below are some examples of useful functions.

`string.len()`
Return the length of the input string.

`string.lower()`
Return a copy of the input string with all uppercase letters changed to lowercase.  

`string.upper()`
Return a copy of the input string with all lowercase letters changed to uppercase.

`string.reverse()`

> Return a string that is the input string reversed.

Reviewer 2: these line can be removed. eventually we'll add a terms folder with entries for each
